#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

How to set up SVN on your computer

= Details =

 DL your favorite version control software.
I use and recommend tortoisesvn because its easy and its beginner
friendly. DL the witn32 binary and install it. Restart your computer.
Now on your right clicks you now have a tortoise svn menus. Go to an
area you want to keep your project files (Somewhere in eclipse project
folder). Make a new folder called "fallcs151brickcad". Right click the
folder and go to SVN Checkout...

The url of the reposory will be: https://fallcs151brickcad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/.
Leave everything else the same. Hit OK. Your user name is essentially
your email without the @gmail.com on it. So my email is
andrewe...@gmail.com, my user name is AndrewEgel. Your password is
generated on the fly (click the generate password). Enter it into the
password field and check the remember authentication check box.

Now it will download everything on the repository into that directory.
Now you can make changes to those files. Leave the .svn folders alone,
those are internal folders to make svn work (essentially they should
be hidden). Currently the only file on the repo is the Star UML file I
made really quick. This is what we have to turn in first. Make your
changes. When your done, you need to commit the change. So go to the
"head" of the repo (the folder at the top, in this case its
"fallcs151brickcad"), right click it and hit "commit". A window will
pop up with files that you have worked on. Enter in the notes filed
what you've done, and hit OK. Now your changes will be on the server.
And we are at a new version (called revision).

When you begin working now you have to update to get the changes we
have made. Right click the head and click update. Now any changes
other users have made will be downloaded into the folder. 